is the difference being hit with a stick
or being hit with a feather this is the
cellular conversation that's happening
with the cells and muscles right now is
the nettle Kirk I can ask you to dinner
in Italian you may not understand what's
happening what if I ask you in English
I'm speaking your language we're going
to get in the same place at the same
time okay that's the theory there you go
so that's the theory we're having a
conversation with nerves and muscles
we're making it all happen your range
simple fear right here at a young lady
now let's do the measurements now we
want you guys to understand that when
she came to us you know she was kind of
like you know the Jared on the subway
commercial she was extremely obese okay
when she showed up here I mean the girl
obviously has an obesity problem okay
we're going to still do leave a lawyer
that's
and she and she was very pale when she
came here she's tan that's because of
the breathing it's like a steam thresher
okay breathing makes you 10 and I vani
inches go away but we are going to do
the before-and-after measurements we do
an upper waist waist and a lower waist
measurement and even on somebody that's
incredibly young and fit and healthy
we're going to see it a pretty
significant difference are you sure you
rinse them self know if you can stand
here before you know you can see when
marks are where the pads are you can see
physical tightening okay but now we're
going to do a measurement just from a
reference point sure what she's lost all
obviously we have people that have a
very high BMI
fans will see page of people that will
get two to three to four inches okay
that's enough to get you excited that's
certainly enough to get you to come back
and it's enough to get you to come back
with a friend okay that's more talking
about
please do
they feel like they just take a swim
a little pheromone rush because you
didn't burn some
but you love it more excited when they
start going on at the take
measuring her ribcage essential baby in
here yeah
yes
yeah well this is why the young lady
who's letting us do our legs and arms
because guys there is no option for the
arms you know those of us who have the
wings can't get rid of Lee we can't
operate on because the surgery is going
to leave a little scar though to say how
the arms begin with so we start to
tighten out the arms that's a pretty big
thing people you know they get tightened
they get toned it's a pretty dramatic
feeling how does it feel one the legs